hi guys wanted to do another really
quick brave video for you guys this one
is on the daily moisture stick by elf
you guys may have already saw it in my
favorites video for June if you dug if I
already have that one up I'm not really
sure that's up or not yet but if it is
you probably already saw if not then
you'll see it in there because it is in
there it looks like this I've got this
at my h-e-b for six dollars and 80 cents
you could definitely get this off the
elf website as well comes in very sleek
packaging and it's called the elf daily
moisture is that it's enriched with
antioxidants and anti-aging ingredients
grape cocoa shea avocado macadamia aloe
and chamomile and it's very inexpensive
it comes in a stick form that just looks
like this and what you do is what I do
with it is I'll just take and dab a
little bit under my eyes during the day
time to kind of keep my makeup from
taking up under there and it literally
keeps my under my eyes where I have fine
lines hydrated to the point where it
like doesn't take up my powder my
foundation I love this product so much
it's absolutely amazing very very
inexpensive so if you guys are having
problems with you know cakiness around
your nose during the day which i do
under your eyes if you have fine lines
just grab one of these dab it on those
areas and it will take care of your
issues actually saw Emily Noelle talked
about this a couple weeks ago and I was
like you know I'm gonna get you out and
try it out and see if it really works
and you know what it does it is amazing
I could not believe that it really
really worked for that I was like oh my
god I have to tell my subscribers about
it because if they are not subscribed to
her they're not gonna know about this so
definitely go pick one of these up if
you're having issues like that it's very
very easy to just pop into your purse
I'm gonna read you a little bit what the
back of the box says it says nourishes
and hydrates skin for a softer smoother
more for vitalized look enriched with
okay basically the same thing already
said on the front um it says this
lightweight and soothing multipurpose
gel is convenient for travel and
everyday use to condition and moisturize
directions that's on the back of the box
says to twist up and apply to the face
and a Sur
our motion prior to makeup application
which I guess you could do I've never
tried to use it like that before but I
definitely will be trying that it says
great for use on dry or chapped hands
elbows knees or any other area needing
moisture use as your daily moisturizing
routine or as often as needed so
definitely definitely definitely many
uses could be gotten out of this one
little one little product so very
inexpensive like I said six bucks can't
go wrong with that amazing little
product love it will continue to buy it
and I hope you guys you know check it
out too if it sounds like something that
you might be interested in anyway I'm
gonna go because I could see I'm losin
my lining it's getting later in the
evening hope you guys are enjoying your
summer vacations your summer breaks and
anyway I will talk to you guys again in
my next video